SERVICE PACK 2 FOR MICROSOFT WINDOWS SERVER 
2003

PLEASE NOTE:

For supplement obtained from server 
manufacturer or software installer. The 
server manufacturer, or the software 
installer, that distributes the software with 
the server licenses this supplement to you. 
You may use an instance of this supplement 
with each validly licensed instance of the 
product listed above (the 'software'). You 
may not use the supplement if you do not have 
a license for the software. The license terms 
for the software apply to your use of this 
supplement. Contact the manufacturer or 
installer for support options. Refer to the 
support number provided with the software.

For supplement obtained from retailer. 
Microsoft Corporation (or based on where you 
live, one of its affiliates) licenses this 
supplement to you. You may use an instance of 
this supplement with each validly licensed 
instance of the product listed above (the 
'software'). You may not use the supplement 
if you do not have a license for the software.
The license terms for the software apply to 
your use of this supplement. Microsoft 
provides support services for the supplement 
as described at www.support.microsoft.
com/common/international.aspx.

EULAID:WS03SP2_RM.0_SUPP_NRL_EN
